did you know that there are $650 billion
of unrealized losses held by the US
Banks right now today in this video
we're going to get into just that and
what it means for The Wider Market The
Wider economy you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you all
of this information brought to you by
Jerome Powell Jerome Powell was
interrupted by some climate protesters
they were yelling and screaming he's
trying to get his speech on and he said
close the effing door he dropped an
F-bomb and I thought that would be a
great way to start this video because
this is what it's all about the
disruptions that's right well here we
go how warns Federal Reserve against
risk of being misled on the inflation
fight us Central Bank will not hesitate
to raise interest rates yet again if
necessary he wants to make sure that the
market knows that they are willing to be
tough the market has ignored that and
they've been basically said look come on
let's be honest we're not going to
increase interest rates again this is
all done so let's break this support you
already know that but let's understand
what's happening here at the deeper
level we have a few things going on
interest rates are at 5 and a quar to 5
and a half% we haven't been at this
level for a while at the same time we've
got the circumstance where in the
previous cycle interest rates got to
2.5% and one of the biggest problems was
that there wasn't much cushion 2.5 they
brought it down to zero uh-oh we ran out
what are we going to do now we got to
print money now we got to create all
these you know weird schemes that's what
they did okay so this time around
however what they have is a bigger
cushion that means we could see a lot of
liquidity they could see a lot of
essentially inflation as a result of
that more cushion this time around they
got more to play with and they will do
so they were going to go all the way at
the same time there's a problem inside
of the banking sector today and it was
exposed just recently I'm going to break
that down a whole video you're going to
get that but we're going to a little
tidbit in today's video I want to bring
you some more information how's that
sound all right fed officials say the
full impact of past raid hikes is yet to
come this is absolutely true you will
see time and time again where we being
told one thing or another but let's be
honest they make a change and you're not
going to go and suddenly reverse course
on something that you've done just
because they increase interest rates by
0.25% I'm going to sell my house today
they increase by 0.25% no things take
time the real estate market operates
much slower than the stock market which
operates slower than the cryptocurrency
market and so on so you know right now
that we're generally tight but let's be
honest here the market has has already
looked beyond any potential you know
what's what's coming in in this previous
uh you know last let's a year or a year
and a half they they're done with that
okay we're done with that the market is
going up now we're getting some Euphoria
we're starting to see that a bit in the
markets and that is of course a concern
but does that mean that we will have a
devastating blow in the next little
while here what's the Catalyst well
there's something in the bond market
that we need to know Black Swan Black
Swan fund manager says start worrying
when the FED Cuts rates that's when
things are going to get really awful he
says the FED will have a hard time with
quantitative tightening so this is
interesting okay you hear this a lot I
know that you see those YouTube videos
that come up in the suggested that you
uh are watching likely and you're
hearing about a opportunity of a
lifetime where real estate prices are
going to crash by 50% or more and you'll
be able to scoop them up because you're
going to have the knowledge and you'll
be able to get in there and you're going
to buy things for real cheap right
because oh everything for you is going
to be totally the same and you're just
going to be totally fine you're just
going to get your cash and you're going
to invest and everything's going to be a
okay right wrong what is happening right
here is a very different circumstance
than what we saw in 2008 and those who
are fully educated on the subject know
that we know this to be the case it is
not like 200 it is not like 2000 it's
not like any previous experience what
we're dealing with now is different but
in some ways of course the same because
it is part of a cycle but we have some
factors here that we must understand a
deflationary environment a deflationary
event a bank crisis as they say Black
Swan fund manager says that we could
absolutely have it and he the reference
he used was imagine taking a whole pile
of cash and lighting it on fire that's
what a credit event that's what a bond
market crisis is effectively you know
does it it it burns that cash you you
you you burn up that
liquidity now what is the response from
the central banks he said it and I've
said it a thousand times that the
central bank will go in they will print
money like they have never done before I
was just talking about this as of this
recording right here just a couple hours
ago I was on my money GS Finance uh live
session that we have and we were getting
into this talking about the fact that in
the previous cycle what we experienced
was right money printing reducing
interest rates we saw that in
2020 and what happened inflation went
crazy for different reasons but 2020 was
the most money printing we've ever had
the most devaluation of the currency
that we've ever had prices went up I
expect
the same thing to occur yet again we
will experience another round of at the
very least another 2020 to 2023 level of
inflation in this near future when they
go in and start printing again what does
that mean for real estate what does that
mean for stocks and cryptocurrencies
devaluation of the currency assets can
go up in price not necessarily in value
but in price keep that in mind and
remember when you're being told about a
opportunity of a
lifetime right maybe but don't expect
necessarily that prices are going to be
devalued and and remain depressed for a
long period of time there may not be an
opportunity you got to watch out be
clear and be mindful of what you're
being told a bond market crash right now
leaving Big Bank banks with $650 billion
of unrealized losses as the ghost of svb
continues to haunt Wall Street I've been
talking about this since March of 2023
saying it's not over it's not over we
just had another small Bank fail last
week I think it was this is of course a
problem because you increase interest
rates they had a problem before they
were buying up stuff that is now of Le
much less value I mean it's like
onethird the value in some cases imagine
that these banks are holding on to these
assets
that have onethird the value that they
did previously of course that's crisis
$650 billion of losses that hasn't come
up that hasn't been priced into the
market not at all and so of course there
is an issue we got to understand that we
want to be far and away from all that
far away from
this it brings me to this I'm glad he
stuck with me because we're about to
understand if you haven't already
already there's some problems right now
in the bond market let's be honest US
Treasury liquidity index okay very so
when you go down to the bottom that's
when we were liquid and when we go
higher up that is less liquid we need
liquidity we need
currency so that's what we need but at
this time we have become less liquid
less liquid inside of the treasury
market poses a very big problem for the
US government the US Government wants to
spend a lot of money you know that I've
been talking about that a lot I will
highlight that completely entirely in a
video that should go live on uh Monday
okay because you're going to get the
series video
tomorrow understand that where we are at
is truly unique it is an anomaly so
what's happening the government says we
were going to spend a lot of money we
got infrastructure projects we want to
do this we got to finance that with debt
we package up that debt into a bond and
then investors buy it up there's just
one problem though I warned about this
before hope you're aware I said the
issue here is that what if there's not
enough buyer buyers for that debt well
you have to increase the interest rate
on it so there might not be a buyer at
5% but 5.1 there might be a buyer at 5.5
at 6% and so on but that means the
government has to pay it back someday
and if they can't find a buyer for that
who is the buyer of Last Resort of
course that is the Federal Reserve you
then monetize the debt this is the big
issue I'll talk about that in this video
that will go live on Monday please tune
in subscribe hit that thumbs up so that
this is likely to come up in your feed
okay know that the crisis is definitely
still
unfolding the FED overestimated
inflation went too far with their rate
hikes Ah that's right well he actually
inverted uh created the inverted yield
curve you you hear about that all the
time yield curve inversion well this guy
said well we went they went too
far well we'll see I think that they say
this every time oh you know what we we
didn't know we didn't know this they
didn't I mean they were buying up
mortgage back Securities when the price
of housing was going up by
50% this is unbelievable some places
housing went up by 100% And they are
supporting the housing market by buying
mortgage back Securities when people
start getting this through their head
that they're not there to help you out
to increase liquidity the Federal
Reserve is there to create a divide in
between the rich and the poor that's it
that's why they exist and I am here to
tell you not what you would love to hear
but tell you the stuff that sometimes it
stings you tell me what you'd rather
hear put it in the comments I'm willing
to read that and we could all be honest
with each
other Warren Buffett Burkshire haway
sits on a record of
$157 billion in cash of course this is
Cash equivalent so he would rather make
5% on his money instead of investing
more money into Apple what does that
tell you he could be he could buy $157
billion of Apple stock right now he
could buy most of the big like choose
one of the biggest companies in the
world he could buy it with cash but
instead he's just keeping it in cash
what does that tell you about value what
does it tell you today this is from
Seeking Alpha the premium version I only
would advise going to the premium uh for
this type of stuff certainly but the
mega cap stocks have driven the gains in
the broader Market this year and now
Bank of America is wondering who is left
to buy them look at it Microsoft is held
by more than 90% of funds apple and
Amazon by More than
70% so this is what happens they are so
narrow in their investment this is what
happens all these funds Microsoft is is
an example because you know they've been
doing this for 20 years being one of the
most valuable companies up and down
certainly but hey 2000 compared to now
they've held on and there aren't too
many companies that are like that so the
funds include them 90% of funds what
does that do well it simply means that
more money is going concentrating into
these few stocks and they get to perform
very well uh but they also can take a
big hit they can go down by 10% 20% and
suddenly people say uhoh I got to watch
out here you got to know where you you
think you know is the best place to
invest but know that that there is
nothing that's going to be bulletproof
we need to know that we're being told
time and time again that this is
bulletproof oh because Tes Tesla is the
number one thing so we got to invest in
Tesla now sudden H I don't like what
Elon Musk has done recently I you know I
don't like Tesla anymore it went from
being Unstoppable impossible it's going
to be at, 1500 it's going to be at 4,000
it's going to be at 15,000 to now H you
know what you know I don't want to over
overpay for a stock you can't do that
okay you've got to understand
fundamentally what's
happening and know that we are in a
circumstance of tighter conditions
that's going to change at some point
something is ready to pop and when it
does pop the Federal Reserve and the
government are willing to devalue your
currency all right that's just the way
it goes if you want more details about
Seeking Alpha I've got them right here
for you um if you want even to go
through like a little walk through on
the thing just just email me David
themoney gps.com I'll literally go on
zoom and you can walk through it and you
can look through Seeking Alpha yourself
I'll spend that time with you if you're
interested in it um this is what it
looks on the inside this is Alpha pick
it's part of Seeking Alpha you can see
they've outperformed in the market all
I'm trying to say is you know the paage
stuff is much different than the free
articles you've seen check it out
they've got a free trial uh 7-Day free
trial I'll put the link in the
description you could see that for
yourself and we have the comment of the
day I love comment of the day Dixie says
several homes for sale in my affordable
Hood but not moving before they would G
be gone in a week there is a slow down
that's going on all over the place you
could see that in real estate you could
see that everywhere and that is a matter
of fact because they have tightened but
know that as soon as that reverses they
start cutting interest rates they start
printing money you better hold on to
your seat because we're going to be
going on a rocket ship and we've got to
understand what that means devaluation
of the currency we're going to lose as a
result we need to keep our money in the
right places talk about this all the
time things that are tangible and of
course the S and me SN me meaning of
course investing in ourselves I hope you
appreciate this information hit that
thumbs up button and if you're watching
this right now when it posts tomorrow
the series video comes out you got to
check it out part two of the series I'll
see you there take care